Add np.float32 instances validation for FITS headers values. (#11922)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/io.fits/11922.bugfix.rst

> Implemented ``np.float32`` instance checking for FITS headers values. A ``ValueError`` is now raised if an ``np.float32`` NaN/Inf value is assigned to a header.

Reviewer: I think the first sentence is not useful and can be confusing since the change only concerns NaN/Inf. Suggestion:
```suggestion
Raise ``ValueError`` if an ``np.float32`` NaN/Inf value is assigned to a header keyword.
```

Reviewer 2: I went back-and-forth on my feelings about that, but I'm inclined to agree.

> Implemented ``np.float32`` instance checking for FITS headers values. A ``ValueError`` should now raise if an ``np.float32`` value is beign assigned for a FITS header.

Reviewer 2: Please rewrite the second sentence as:

    A ``ValueError`` is now raised if an ``np.float32`` value is assigned to a header.

Reviewer: Should be `an ``np.float32`` NaN/Inf` right ?

Reviewer 2: Right, thank you.
